Enable debug logging when restarting NVDA with add-ons (#17043)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

* eSpeak NG has been updated to 1.52-dev commit `961454ff`. (#16775)
  * Added new languages Faroese and Xextan.
* When using a multi-line braille display via the standard HID braille driver, all lines of cells will be used. (#16993, @alexmoon)

> * The exit dialog now allow to restart NVDA with add-ons disabled and debug logging simultaneously. (#11538, @CyrilleB79)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The exit dialog now allows you to restart NVDA with add-ons disabled and debug logging enabled simultaneously. (#11538, @CyrilleB79)
```

> * The exit dialog now allows you to restart NVDA with add-ons disabled and debug logging enabled simultaneously. (#11538, @CyrilleB79)

Reviewer 2: can this be moved to 2025.1 please
